2-factor-auth-patch (#4447)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/2-factor-authentication-on-cloud/index.md

### Phone Authentication

You have the option to use your phone when you log in to the Umbraco Cloud portal.
You can choose to receive an SMS with a code or a call to log you in.

:::note

> If you need to change phone number, make sure before deactivating the old number to change to the new number before the old number is disabled.

Author: ```suggestion
If you need to change your phone number.
Make sure before deactivating the old number to change to the new number before the old number is disabled.
```

### Phone Authentication

You have the option to use your phone when you log in to the Umbraco Cloud portal.

> You can choose to receive an SMS with a code or a call to log you in.

Reviewer: How about using "text message" instead of the acronym here? 🤔

Reviewer 2: Suggestion:
"You can choose to receive a text message with a code or a call to log you in."

:::note
If you need to change your phone number.

> Make sure before deactivating the old number to change to the new number before the old number is disabled.

Reviewer: Something doesn't sound quite right here 🤔

Reviewer 2: Suggestion:
"Before deactivating your old phone number, please make sure to update the phone number used for your 2FA enrollment. Changing the phone number used for 2FA will require verification through the old number."

:::

![Phone authentication](images/Phone-auth.png)

## Disabeling 2-factor authentication

> You can always disabel 2-factor authentication from your profile again after having it enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can always disable 2-factor authentication from your profile.
```

To disable 2-factor authentication for your user, you will need to use the authentication method that you had enabled to disable it again.

> If you had phone authentication enabled, it will then need to be use it to disabeling it again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you had phone authentication enabled, it will then need to be used to disable it again.
```
